Hi.
We didn't this lecture re going to get data from the car data and display them on our review controller
in order to do that.
We're going to take the title and title ideas from this.
I like the title idea variables and actually we're going to use only the selected selected title I.D.
in order to use this as a filter to our results.
So let's quickly create our app delegates.
Okay so this will be a UI application that shared that delegate and I'm going to first cast this as
app delegate and then create the context as well.
So this will be app delegate that to the container that we have contexts.
So again we're going to create the fetch request.
OK.
And this will be in a fetch request.
And if you open parentheses it will ask you for an entity name and our N entity name is places and we
have to provide in this fashion request a result here.
So after dat you can just come over here and say facial quest returns returned objects as false is false
and then we going to provide and predicates here as well.
Remember we can't say a federal class that predicate is an S predicate.
OK and this will ask you for a format and arguments for format regarding to look for I.D..
OK.
I.D. is equal to percent at.
So remember it means that I.D. equals to these arguments and the arguments that are that we're looking
for is the I.D. string.
So let me create this one more time.
So this will gets its value from selected title I.D. that you you I.D. drink pay attention that I'm
first wrapping this so it's not going to be optional.
So I.D. drink and this will only display media results of these I.D..
OK not every record on the card data but only the data that has this I.D..
So this will be much more efficient efficient than getting all of this information and passing them
to here just filtering out to one result rather I'm just getting the latitude longitude and name and
subtitle of the selected item in here.
So let's do your do try catch.
And you know this I'm doing this kind of fast.
So let's results try context about fetch and I'm going to print any error.
So here I'm going to check to see if results that count is actually bigger than zero.
If it is I'm going to go into a for loop and remember I'm going to cast this as an S managed object
array.
So after we do that it means the single result will be an index managed object.
OK.
And we can just call result that value to get what we want from the core data.
So I'm going to start with the title.
So result that value.
And the key will be title as well.
I'm going to try to cast as a string and if it happens I'm going to do something.
I'm going to write it for everything and then we're going to decide how to proceed.
So a subtitle key subtitle as string as usual.
And the next what do we have we have latitude right.
So let's go for latitude result that value key will be latitude as well.
And this time this will be a double rather than a string.
And finally we have the longitude as well if let longitude result that value for key longitude.
Okay.
And longitude as double.
And that's it.
So how do we proceed.
We have a title subtitle latitude and longitude.
And we have the same things in here as well be pay.
Pay attention to the attribute names.
They have to be exactly the same or else it won't work.
So titles subtitle latitude and longitude.
So next what I'm going to do with those I'm going to create a variable set.
OK I'm going to create variables for chosen title subtitle latitude and longitude and assign those values
to those variables because we can.
We may want to reach that variables later on in another function.
Right.
So let's call this annotation title and notation subtitle.
OK.
This will be empty as well.
So annotation latitude.
Okay so this will be a double annotation longitude.
So I notation longitude.
So by doing this I can't come down right here and make this title equal to a title for example and then
go on and use our notation title in another function.
So you can say on notation title is now title so I can come over here and say notation subtitle is now
subtitle.
OK.
And in here and notation latitude is now latitude.
And again a notation longitude is the long etude.
And if you think about this this will work OK.
But I really want to control all of these things together and add my annotation afterwards.
So I want to say if this title works out then do the subtitle.
So this is kind of a nested if control.
Okay I'm checking to see if title works out fine.
Then I'm going to control for subtitle and if this works out mine too.
I'm just going to go ahead and look for latitude so I'm going to pace this over and over so that I will
have a nested if statements.
So kind of this if this works out well I'm going to do the control for longitude so why I'm doing this.
I'm doing this because I want to add my notation if if and only if the title subtitle and latitude and
longitude works out.
If any of this fails it means that there is something wrong and I don't want to add that on notation.
Maybe I can display a message to user something wrong or error or something.
Okay so I'm checking to see if title is okay and then if site's subtitle is okay and if done latitude
is okay.
And for the final one I'm checking to see if let's longitude is okay.
If all of these conditions hold then I'm going to add my invitation to my map.
So here on the last if lat section I can create my own notation.
I can just go ahead and say that letter notation is a M.K. pointer notation.
Okay.
And here I can just give the coordinates of the annotation title of the annotation because I already
have all of these variables defined in here.
For example I can just come out where I say a notation that title notation title.
Okay here you go.
This one a notation that subtitle for example annotations subtitle because I have already defined this
and of course we can give some credence as well.
In order to do that let me create a coordinate first.
I have my latitude and longitude but I don't have an easier location coordinate to the yet.
So let's open this and say latitude will be annotation latitude.
Right.
This one annotation latitude not longitude and the long etude will be a notation longitude.
After you do that you can easily come over here and just say a notation that card.
That is the card that we have just defined.
And finally I can call my map to add this notation on my map so let's call map view that add on notation.
Okay add our notation and give the notation here.
So here you go.
Now we managed to get the information from core data and create an annotation out of it.
So let me just make name tax that tax equal to annotation title.
Okay.
This one.
So what are we looking for.
We're looking for name tags.
Yeah.
Name texts so I'm doing the writing name tags that tax on notation title and the other one should be.
Comment text that text OK comment text that taxes on notation subtitle.
So I believe now we are ready to test this and we're getting some Veer there is here.
If I do command B it will go away I believe.
Yeah let's do it and let's see if we have any errors.
No.
Yeah.
So we are ready to go ahead and test what we got here.
So let me run this in our simulator and let's see when I choose one of the records from here like a
full tower.
Here you go.
Here is the notation that we are looking for we see the title we see the subtitle.
Let's go for Arch triumph.
Here you go we have the other annotation as well.
There is a problem here of course weird if we click on this I will zoom in the current location that
we are and the reason that we're seeing the Eiffel Tower and arch the time it's in the scope of where
we are right now wi fi.
Change the current location right now.
It won't work because I haven't done anything to focus on the Eiffel Tower yet.
I have just added my own notation so we're going to take care of this problem in the next lecture.
So we're going to stop here and continue building this map.
We want the next lecture.